User-agent: *
disallow: /payment/success
disallow: /payment/fail
disallow: /payment
disallow: /modal
disallow: /deal
disallow: /nnv/pravila
disallow: /spb/o-trenazhere
disallow: /ekb/o-trenazhere
disallow: /spb/podarit-polet
disallow: /nnv/o-trenazhere
disallow: /kzn/podarit-polet
disallow: /sam/pravila
disallow: /nnv/podarit-polet
disallow: /contacts/voronezh

User-agent: Yandex
disallow: /payment/success
disallow: /payment/fail
disallow: /payment
disallow: /modal
disallow: /deal
disallow: /nnv/pravila
disallow: /spb/o-trenazhere
disallow: /ekb/o-trenazhere
disallow: /spb/podarit-polet
disallow: /nnv/o-trenazhere
disallow: /kzn/podarit-polet
disallow: /sam/pravila
disallow: /nnv/podarit-polet
disallow: /contacts/voronezh

Sitemap: https://dream-aero.ru/sitemap.xml
Host: dream-aero.ru
